How did viewing a diff between two versions of 
a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

By putting side by side or very close where 
the differences where happening, it was easy to find
which parts correspond to the control keys, 
and then, to carefully look in those lines what could be happening.

How could having easy access to the entire history 
of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

By allowing me to find whether differences are causing a problem 
(like a bug or less perfomance in terms of time
or computing resources) or which are making something better.
Also to be able to freeze stable versions of the program at given points in time.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, 
like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

Pros: you choose to save things that are units, either logical or in terms of being a new function or feature

Cons: it depends on you keeping a reasonable schedule of commiting and it requires that you do remember to do it often
and to put sensible messages that will help you to keep track of them.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, 
allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, 
like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

I think the ones that are developed thinking on using them in code know that 
modularity and organisation in terms of different libraries that handle different 
functions is common, and having a tool that treats everything as a whole unit
that has interdependencies is much more effective.
And I guess is even more important when more than one person
contributes to the repository, otherwhise conflicts will occur much more often.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Because you always know you can revert to a previous version
you will feel more eager to tackle larger or more difficult changes.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I am already using it but I need to understand better how it works and learn to do more sophisticated operations.


