When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keepinf all your work local?

When the code is part of a project in which other people collaborate,
or when your programming happens in more than one location and you need to be able to both push and pull.
Plus in the case of github or any other server it serves also as a backup and a nice interface to the version control features.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Because Github is public, and often a large change such as an addition of a new feature,
 might involve several commits of logical, small changes, and you do not want to overflow Github with all that small changes.


Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Forks are copies of github repositories that keep a reference to the original one but that are completely independent. Clones, instead, are exact copies of a repository.
Finally, branches are defined within a particular repository and are a tool to keep separated versions of the code until things are ready to merge.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

It allows you to work offline and to keep track of commits and relations between branches, that can be updated once pulling/pushing.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

It would be extremelly complicated. I guess we could set up meetings in which we manually merge the results of our changes in the code, and possibly we will need to have a log of who is changing
what in which moments, as otherwhise conflicts will happen very often. Guess the harder thing would be the merging, but I really do not see what it would be easier. Maybe it is difficult to get
used and understand how the merging will work given two files, but with some experience and after really understanding how git works is quite straightforward.

